Template App - Getting Started
===============

This project is intended to be a starting point for all future apps built on the [FeedHenry](http://www.feedhenry.com)
platform, it contains the basic app structure and [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) styles to speed up the building and theming of apps 

---

Below is an outline of the template structure:

### client
This is the directory containing all of the client-side code for the app, and client side tests. It
contains the following files/folders:

+ **default** - The default client _package_.
    + **index.html** - The main HTML file of the client app.
    + **app.js** - The entry point into the app.

    + **app** - folder containing all models, views, controllers and templates for app.
    + **css** - folder containing compressed styles (do not edit styles.css as it is auto-generated by the LESS compiler).
    + **js** - folder containing global preferences, settings etc...
    + **less** - folder containing all LESS styles and mixins.
    + **lib** - folder containing all 3rd party libraries.

+ **test** - The _package_ containing all client-side tests. The index file within this package contains instructions on how to get your tests up and running.


### cloud
Very little here yet, main.js, package.json and application.js

---

## Development Requirements

To get started with local development, you must first clone this project into your own GIT repo.
Once this is done, create a GIT backed project in the Feedhenry Studio. 
Three things are now needed to move onto local development:
+ **App GUID** - found in the details screen of the app.
+ **Studio Domain** - the address at which the studio is (xxxx.feedhenry.com).
+ **FHC** - [Feedhenry Command Line tool](http://docs.feedhenry.com/v2/fhc_command_line_tool.html).


There are some node modules that must be installed before beginning development

+ **LESS** 				    - sudo npm install -g less
+ **Mocha-PhantomJS** 	    - sudo npm install -g mocha-phantomjs
+ **PhantomJS** 		    - sudo npm install -g phantomjs

To set up FHC local, you must do the following:

+ Target the studio domain where your app lives - fhc target xxxx
+ Login to said domain - fhc login <user> <password>
+ Initialize local project - fhc initlocal <appGuid>
+ Run fhc local - fhc local <appGuid>
+ Browse to 127.0.0.1:8000 you should see Hello World

---

## Grunt

The template has a basic Grunt setup, for linting and testing your client and cloud code. 
Follow this link to learn more about grunt:
[GruntJS](http://blog.strongloop.com/use-grunt-js-and-the-power-of-javascript-to-automating-repetitive-tasks/?goback=%2Egde_121615_member_249211688).
Below are the steps needed to setup your development environment to use Grunt also:

+ **Grunt Command Line**    - sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
+ **Grunt**                 - sudo npm install grunt --save-dev
+ **Grunt jshint**          - sudo npm install grunt-contrib-jshint --save-dev
+ **Grunt mocha-phantomjs** - sudo npm install grunt-mocha-phantomjs --save-dev
+ **Grunt nodeunit**        - sudo npm install grunt-contrib-nodeunit --save-dev

Once these steps have been completed, run "grunt" from the terminal. This will run JShint over your code,
then run all your client tests, followed by all your cloud tests.



